faq on how to compile pyopencl (#131)
illinois-ceesd/mirgecom: doc/faq.rst

a git version. Most packages are straightforward to install from source. For pocl, you can follow this
`installation script <https://gist.github.com/matthiasdiener/838ccbdb5d8f4e4917b58fe3da811777>`__.

How can I build pyopencl from source?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Pyopencl needs to be built against an OpenCL runtime and you therefore need to make sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyopencl needs to be built against an OpenCL ICD loader (`libOpenCL.so`) which in turn loads the runtimes
(ICDs: installable client drivers). You therefore need to make sure
```

> that the build process picks up the right runtime. This can be challenging especially on MacOS, since Apple provides its own CL runtime which does not easily compile against pyopencl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the build process picks up the right one. This can be challenging especially on MacOS, since Apple provides its own CL runtime which does not easily compile against pyopencl.
```
